Please check the resources section of this lecture.
There is a PDF download available.
In this lecture, we are going to install the WordPress command line interface, WordPress command line
interface is the official command line tool for interacting with and managing your WordPress sites from
editing configuration files and database management to posting theming, uploading media, approving
comments.
WPEC Allai allows a WordPress site owner to control all the aspects of WordPress from the command line.
Installing and configuring WPEC ALLAI is a straightforward procedure.
The commands we will be using for the section are as follows.
Firstly, you need to download WPEC Allai.
We will use the kernel command for that.
Then we need to give WP Seelie executable permissions.
All that means is by giving WPEC Allai executable permissions, we will allow it to run on our server.
We use the S.H. Mod Command to change permissions.
We then need to move WPEC allai into our POS.
Every time you type a command, you don't want to have to specify the path to the command.
By moving WPEC allai into our path, we can execute the WP command in any directory.
Finally, to display the version information WP leave a space double hyphen followed by info.
There are no configuration files to be edited in this lecture.
You should be in your home directory.
If not, please type CD followed by Enter.
Firstly, we need to download WPEC Allai Curl hyphen o followed by the you are allowed to WPEC align
not far.
The link is in the PDF companion to this lecture.
It's a little over six megabytes listing off the files in our home directory, we'll reveal the file
that we have just downloaded.
Now we need to give WPC Allai executable permissions.
I'd like you to type alias hyphen L look at the permissions of pinkly file, read, write, read, write,
read six six four.
We are now going to give that file executable permissions.
S.H. Mod is used to change permissions Gmod plus X followed by the filename.
A long listing will reveal the change in permissions.
That file has changed from six six four to seven seven five.
Now we need to move WPC Allai into our POS sudo.
The command is M.V. To move M.V. can be used to move a file or directory as well as rename a file or
directory.
The path is slash us or slash local slash and slash w p to test.
If WPEC allai is installed correctly as well as obtain version numbers.
WP Iva Space Double hyphen info.
WPEC Allai has now been installed on our server.
If you need to upgrade WPEC allai, all I recommend is to upgrade.
Follow the steps that we have just done.
Use the Kerl command, download WPEC Allai, change the permissions, make the file that you've downloaded
executable.
Move it inside your path and it's done.
Now we need to use WP CLIA to create our first WordPress site.
In this lecture we installed the WordPress command line interface.